Integrate .NET 10 XML comment improvements into OpenAPI documentation seamlessly (#35996)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/openapi-comments.md

* Response documentation with status codes and descriptions.
* Support for examples and deprecated markers.

### .NET 10 improvements

> XML comment generation handles complex types in .NET 10 better than earlier versions of .NET. It produces accurate and complete XML comments for a wider range of types, handles more complex scenarios, and gracefully bypasses processing for complex types that cause build errors in earlier versions. These improvements change the failure mode for certain scenarios from build errors to missing metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XML comment generation in .NET 10 handles complex types more effectively than in previous versions. It produces accurate and complete XML comments for a wider range of types and supports more complex scenarios. In cases where complex types caused build errors in earlier versions, the process now bypasses those types gracefully.

With these improvements, scenarios that previously resulted in build errors now simply result in missing metadata, helping to avoid build failures.
```
